you
maybe it just powers his desert castle
you know the Gulag stone maybe just how
was everything you know instead of the
power of love and friendship and
happiness or something oh so what is it
far is it ever even explain why he wants
this stone is it just sending us away
for shits and giggles he's like hey go
get me the nether site vom no I can't if
you don't I'll kill your boyfriend bout
the air oh no not bout the air shut up
bad i don't even like you i'm sure
they'll come back for me hell yes don't
reach breakout use your magical mughal
powers by the way mughal is out running
an errand in return for your safety her
but i hate keeping promises law we
stopped doing that cougar and I soul of
deceit so I thought I would give you a
special death to remember me by I'm
sorry I don't get what you mean my
palace is home to a magnificent I'll
gosh cool story you going anywhere with
this the flaws of your room slowly open
well isn't it a fabulous idea oh he's so
ambiguously camp alright just 10 more
minutes better start praying yeah my
sweet lovable morons oh it's funny
because it's true we are morons now
let's just bow in front of Cujo no no
give him his props can take this wide I
just home like the rocky thing
bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow
it's the eye of the tiger is the
something you Bart may you please get a
catering advisor you might like a social
panther and delivers all right but you
can't match the y on the niger okay look
I'm a frog awesome all right stupid mini
game time just when we need to save our
friends regents it is going to get
scared of a demon hedgehog pie that is
inside a cage so you know if it's easy
what's it gonna do to score or I'm ugly
and very fearsome well you know grow
some balls you froggy bitch all right ah
down long till I'm at yeah I guess
I just don't still when the creature
looks that way I know I know what red
light green light is haven't you been to
school well I know actually I bet you a
bread privatized you weren't you yes
private school boy you don't like all
those rough boys from this from the
estate playing the football haha you
snob I mean what can i say i'm the most
obnoxious person i know dila magical
mystery tour am a hidden okay i'm
getting me that key look at it it's the
Keyblade sorry I should say it more like
Donald hey lucky as I know it's got the
look hard on it and everything look at
him get the Keyblade you can open up my
lock any day region said oh yeah that's
what she said not that anyone will be
attracted to you you dirty little frog
creature okay when you stop looking
around I'm getting the key what is this
vision based on movement yeah give me a
key t-rex boy oh yeah I hope the fence
is in high voltage we could have an
amusing comedy moment you know when
seconds said torture I've got it no
then you could be foie gras yeah yeah
that's the joke frogs legs you see what
okay wait what that oh for God's sake
not again
and huh okay you know the drill have a
nice day
you
Oh